Another acadamic project i developed nearly a decade ago. Fingerprint identification system with security camera etc

## Abstract from documentation

Engineering is not only a theoretical study but it is a implementation of all we study for creating something new and making things more easy and useful through practical study. It is an art which can be gained with systematic study, observation and practice. In the acadamic curriculum we usually get the theoretical knowledge of industries, and a little bit of implementation knowledge that how it is works? But how can we prove our practical knowledge to increase the productivity or efficiency of the industry?
Gangway is the most accessed part of any Naval Ship. Every person whether on ship or shore, has to go across it while wishing to go on board or off board.  Therefore, a proper record has to be kept of all persons going across it in order to maintain the safety of the ship and its surroundings. Nowadays, a common practice in PN is that the log book or the gangway is maintained in manuscript which is being maintained by the duty staff on gangway. 
Due to the deteriorating situation of law and order in the country, security practices have increased tremendously. It has increased time consumption at the security checkpoints due to which precious time and energy is wasted, life of sentries deployed at the security check point is always at very high risk due to high vulnerability and being first line of defense. The record keeping of personnel entering and leaving the unit is generally kept in manuscript which can have many loop holes. The state boards in every unit are completely dependent on being maintained by staff on duty and often are not timely maintained.
